# <h1 align = "center"> Veni Vidi Didict </h1>
The famous words of Caesar “Veni Vidi Vici” is exactly what became our source of inspiration I went, I saw, I learned – “Veni Vidi Didict". 
## Description:
- Calculus is a complicated subject which needs concentration, time and practise, because of that many people get scared beforehand and choose not to study it. We also know that such a subject as calculus is an essential and crucial subject to understand and develop in almost any technical field. So the challenge is to create something that attracts people’s attention and helps them to stay motivated through the study process.

- We came up with a solution - a game platform! The actual idea is to create a map where: Each island represents different topics from calculus. Islands are divided according to complexity and each island can challenge stronger one and win the war e.g. occupy new territory. Each island has a lord, who is the most knowledgeable person therefore he or she should help other islanders to understand the topic better, if not there might be riots and inner wars. People can communicate and share knowledge. So this game first of all challenges anyone who wants to study calculus. It provides an easy and entertaining way to stay motivated and learn new stuff with others. The success of this project is to grab as many people as possible. As the game represents a topic which is needed for many technical professions, it will be considered a success to actually implement the game and be able to create some platform where people can play on it.
